None of us were much familiar
with this Aleister Crowley.
I'm just glad he lives so far away.
He's not as far as you'd think.
Be careful with the pages
and be sure to close
them when you're done.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Keep pure
your highest ideal.
Strive ever toward it
without allowing aught
to stop you or turn you aside,
even as a star sweeps upon
its infinite and incalculable
course of glory.
Love is the law.
Love under will.
Your minerval has earned the right
To partake of the workings.
It means you can stay.
The key of the rituals
is in the secret word,
which I have given unto you.
Love is the law.
Love under will.
Do what thou wilt, Jack.
That's why we're here.
Are you ready?
What is it I should be ready for?
Sacrifice and ascension.
Love is the law.
Love under will.
By uniting with the eternal
force of creation,
we bend the world to our will.
I've put everything on the line now.
The master tells us sacrifice
is what's required.
Don't tell me you didn't enjoy it.
That's not the point.
When's the world gonna
start bending to my will?
Well, it was only your first
time with a high priestess.
You've barely scratched the surface.
General Braxton's only in town
till the end of the week.
You keep trying to play a game
that's rigged against you.
Doesn't matter.
I still need to win.
But you don't get it. Why
suck up to a general
with only two stars when
there's a million of 'em
out there waiting for you?
- All right.
- Careful.
Susan.
I was just thinking,
I've barely seen you
since our camping trip.
Oh, I know. I've been so busy.
It'd be nice to catch
up, just the two of us.
Figure we're overdue.
I brought lemonade with a
little something extra.
Please.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Sorry, sir. Demonstration in progress.
I'm looking for my partner.
How long is the demo gonna be?
Jack. Jack. Wait.
- What's going on?
- We've got a meeting
- With Professor Mesulam.
- That's on Tuesday.
It is Tuesday, Richard.
Oh.
Goddamn it.
I'm sorry.
Working both these projects...
it's just killing me.
- Is General Braxton in there?
- Yeah.
Why don't you show him our film?
We had our chance.
Braxton has written our project off.
He hasn't seen any of our
latest work in the arroyo.
- Mr. Onsted.
- Yeah?
The general is asking if
you'll be much longer.
Um, I'll be right there, sir.
Is there any way we can reschedule?
No. I can see you're busy.
It's incredible, right?
Please tell me what is incredible?
You just witnessed gas exhaust speeds
in excess of 5,000 miles an hour.
Would you like to watch it again?
- Yeah, yeah.
- No need, Alice.
Where is Richard?
He's splitting his time
with another project.
And without Richard,
the rest of the team's
not showing up, either.
But the work you are
doing is very dangerous.
You shouldn't be out there alone.
I'm not. There's the guy
holding the camera.
The project needs to keep moving
forward with or without Richard.
Back in Europe,
I too worked with a friend.
Max Schull.
We shared our love of aeronautics,
worked on PUZ 1 together.
But as the Nazis rose in power,
suddenly my university was worried, uh,
they had too many Jewish professors.
Max had already secured a chair,
but I was denied mine.
And no one protested.
Not even Max.
I called him coward.
I said many horrible things.
He and I haven't spoken since.
Given state of the world,
we may never speak again.
Why are you telling me this?
Uno Ne Peleya Sino Dos.
It's an old Ladino saying meaning,
"it takes two to have argument."
Without Richard, you are like
car with gas pedal
but no brake.
The military is about
to pick the projects
they're bringing to D.C.
Now is not the time to slow down.
There will be other opportunities.
When?
I'm not about to give
up on this chance.
These equations prove
a solid-fuel rocket
can burn stable.
But you will need to work with
Richard to understand them.
Look at you...
Making cocktails in the
middle of the afternoon.
I knew there was more to Susan
Parsons than met the eye.
Perhaps.
But I'm not the only
one keeping secrets.
Forgive me.
What secrets are you referring to?
What's this?
I know Jack's been going.
Going where?
To that house, with Ernest.
Question is, do they know
what they've been going to?
It's about the man who started Thelema,
this Crowley.
The paper makes him
out to be a monster.
They say he's seduced young girls,
that he practices animal sacrifice,
even bestiality.
Mm, I know what it says.
Is it true?
Ernest would say
it's all propaganda spread
by Crowley's enemies.
People who are afraid of freedom.
What do you think?
Does it matter what I think?
Why not ask your husband?
Because I need to know
what I'm up against first.
The truth is even worse.
That mass you saw...
That's just the beginning.
The high priest... Alfred... he...
he claims monogamy's a form of slavery,
that no one owns anyone else.
He separates couples,
makes them switch with each other.
It's not just husbands
with other wives.
It's... wives with wives
and men with men.
Three at a time. More.
How do you know all this?
How do you think?
You've been going?
Ernest can't seem to live without it.
And I can't seem to live without him.
So... now that you know
what you're up against,
are you gonna confront him?
Susan?
- What are you two doing?
- Mm.
Oh, just catching up,
talking about how we've been
spending our evenings.
You, me, Jack.
You're drunk.
So?
What if I felt like being drunk?
Sorry, Susan, I'm gonna
have to ask you to leave.
I was just going.
What'd you tell her?
Maggie.
What do you think?
I see the way you look at him.
Who?
Don't play dumb. You know.
Or do you really expect me
to believe that you suddenly
care so much about rockets?
You wouldn't understand.
Then explain it to me.
Alfred thinks that Jack
could be the key to
unlocking my true self.
He thinks he...
might be my liberation.
From what?
All of this time,
everything I've done for you, for us...
I never wanted you to do
anything you did not want to.
What choice did I have?
Be true to yourself!
That's the whole goddamn point!
If you're feeling unhappy...
I can't just leave.
Not without knowing the truth.
Ernest, please.
We're not like the Parsons.
We don't...
we don't hide things from each other.
Just please tell me what's
really going on with you.
Whatever it is you think I am, I'm not.
Richard?
What are you doing here?
Just found out that Braxton
selected the project
he's gonna be submitting
to his superiors in D.C.
Professor Tillman's new
prototype is one of them.
And they're all meeting
at the Ath tonight
to finalize the details.
If the propeller project gets funded,
it's gonna require more of my time.
More or all?
I'm really sorry.
Mesulam sponsored this
project because of you.
If you leave, it's over.
Right now I need to focus on my future.
Rockets are the future.
It's Frater J.P.
Please, it's an emergency.
Tell me what you want.
To manifest my will.
Don't look at me.
Tell me what you want.
To manifest my will.
Focus on your intention.
Free your mind.
And it will break through
everything that stands in your way.
Just free your mind.
The barriers you feel are illusory.
Just free your mind
and it will break through
everything that stands in your way.
It will break through
Yes. Oh!
Why don't you
pick me up in an hour, all right?
Yes, sir.
- Gentlemen.
- Evening.
Evening.
Damn it.
Evening, sir.
Will you be joining the
others for cigars and brandy?
Yes.
- Yes, I will.
- Very good.
They've already retired
down to the Rathskeller.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Those islands in the Pacific...
They are damn tiny.
General, if the results hold,
we may even squeeze out
an extra four percent in
propeller efficiency.
A whole four percent?
I thought the military was on campus
to find cutting-edge technology.
Four percent sounds a little tame.
I'm sorry for the intrusion, General.
Jack Parsons, from the
GALCIT Rocketry Group.
Good to see you again.
Ah, the admirers of von Braun.
Oh, we've come a long way since then.
- Jack, this is, uh...
- Correct me if I'm wrong Professor...
but there's an upward
limit to propeller speed?
Around 500 miles per hour?
We're not gonna stand here and
listen to this charlatan.
Is that right, John?
Well, yes.
Technically. But...
Funny thing is,
just the other day,
we had a rocket reach
5,000 miles per hour
in exhaust velocity,
and we have the footage to prove it.
That's it. Find someone
to show him the door.
You were telling us that von
Braun is trying to hit London
with rockets from Berlin.
Well, we're aiming much, much further.
Where to?
The moon.
Going to the moon is not just
a scientific inevitability.
It's a strategic necessity.
Forget about Europe.
Up there is the front of the future.
And the first nation to plant
their flag on its surface
will be the greatest superpower
the world has ever seen.
Now, do you want that
flag to have a swastika,
or the stars and stripes?
Filip, are you gonna
put a stop to this?
Professor Mesulam is
the one who helped us
prove it was possible.
These equations show that
my solid-fuel rockets
can burn stable even as we
strive to reach escape velocity.
Solid fuel?
That's what I said.
Time to go, sir.
Are you leaving, or do I
need to call the police?
No need. My work here is done.
Remember, General, the
front of the future.
My team is already fighting that war.
I'm gonna enjoy this.
Donovan, it's your wife.
She's asking when
you'll be coming home.
Tell her soon.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
You sure you're in the right place?
All right.
What'll you have, sir?
Rye. Straight.
You got it.
Enjoy.
So you're gonna be shy now
that I'm standing here?
You know it's not polite to stare.
I'm sorry, I-I thought
you were someone else.
I'm sure you did.
In here...
everybody's looking for someone else.
♪ Am I the guy
Susan.
Please open the door. I can explain.
It's not what you think.
I did this for us.
To make it all happen.
I'm sorry, Susan.
I'm sorry.
He thought she was getting a deal.
Freedom, support, plus,
he did the cooking.
So then what happened?
The dreaded proclamation.
"I want to have kids."
No avoiding the elephant
in the living room.
Not that I'm one to say
I told you so, but...
I told him so.
What's going on?
Act normal.
Normal?
Good evening, gents.
It's awfully quiet in here.
Everybody stay put.
We've been getting some complaints.
We're here just to make sure everything
is on the straight and narrow.
Wouldn't happen to be a friend
of Dorothy's, now would you?
Hmm?
Haven't seen you here before.
You, on the other hand...
You should steer clear.
This one's a real pervert.
You don't look like the guys
I normally catch in here.
What kind of guy I look like?
Only, if I saw you on the street,
I'd never take you for a queer.
Is that what I am?
Well, you're here, aren't you?
You must be looking to
get your pole smoked.
Or are you the other kind...
The kind who likes to do the smoking?
Oh!
Get up!
Yeah!
Get off him! Beat the crap... Get up!
- Hold that son of a bitch.
- You're dead!
You're dead! Get up.
Oh, my God.
Get out of here! Get out of the way!
Donovan, Ernest.
Assaulting an officer,
public perversion,
attempted sodomy.
Turn to the right.
Left thumb.
All right, let's go.
If I were married to a woman like you,
no way you'd find me
in a place like that.
I don't know why I...
Shh, shh.
You don't have to say anything.
You remember that
little diner in Omaha?
Right by the Orpheum.
They did the best hash.
I think they used...
Professor?
Come in, Richard.
Your secretary said that
you needed to see me.
Is everything all right?
Your partner made unexpected
visit last night.
Before you say anything,
I explicitly told him...
I didn't ask you here to assign blame.
God knows I played part, uh,
by giving him these equations.
Well,
maybe it's best I'm
leaving the project.
We work better as friends
than colleagues.
You will have to learn to be both.
Mr. Parsons broke many rules.
But in so doing,
he managed to spark the
general's interest.
What, in going to the moon?
The general is not interested
in "front of the future."
The military cares about
what they can use now.
General Braxton believes, uh,
there may be a military application
for these solid-fuel rockets.
We're being considered for funding?
Yes.
What about the propeller team?
The rocketry project
now takes priority.
The general has requested
a presentation
be given before his
committee at Army Air Corps
in Washington, D.C.
He suggested you be the one to make it.
Uh, no.
No, no, sir, I-I couldn't.
Jack's the one that-that
should present this.
Yes, I know.
Mr. Parsons refusing
to give up his dream is
what made this possible.
But with war coming...
there's no time for such things.
Maggie?
Don't worry,
this had nothing to do with you.
It's a relief, to be honest.
At least now I know the truth.
I never stood a chance.
Against them?
No, no, that's...
that's not what I meant.
Listen, he's not in so deep
that he can't be pulled back out.
Take care of yourself.
Susan?
No, Jack.
I came here to talk,
and Susie told me that
you'd be out here.
What's going on with you two?
Nothing.
Just the usual marital woes.
You don't have a wife.
You wouldn't understand.
No, I suppose I wouldn't.
What did you want to talk to me about?
Well, Mesulam told me that
you made quite a show
at the Athenaeum.
Jesus, Richard, if you're
just here to scold me...
No, I'm not.
Believe it or not,
Braxton wants to hear
a full proposal on solid-fuel
rockets in Washington.
You mean it worked?
It worked?
This time, but I wouldn't make a habit
of gate-crashing the Athenaeum.
That's not what I mean.
I did this.
I willed this into existence.
What are you talking about?
It doesn't matter.
All that matters is that
we're gonna go to D.C.
Yeah.
synced & corrected by PopcornAWH
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org